 I am the mack daddy of Heimlich County.
proclaim.
you.
oh look at her she's crushed.
God knows ladybird deserves it well.
needless to say if she went straight.
into the garbage.
yep yep to Travis.
which is disgusting beats tips about may.
you have as many dicks in your ass as.
you had in Joe Jack's mouth which is 40.
yeah come on Obama.
you're fucked.
time has a way of slipping through your.
pangas here in the West we live in are.
the best friends.
Turner open a hatful oh we planted our.
family tree.
it's tough enough to keep a geese mouth.
without TV and the TV filling my head.
with incest Wow sass my boy dinner my.
boy dinner well I better head in for.
dinner I tell you what it's tough enough.
to teach a kid teach a kid eat your.
kitty chickety chickety chickety.
chickety.
yeah man tell you what man I'm dandy.
cribs mantle meadow near Manor Manor.
what yep the bear didn't want to take.
this home no he died first.
yeah the new guy starts Monday and I'm.
kind of diabetic Mongol mmm Oh.
Dhin Dhin Dhin Dhin Dhin uh the cake was.
it like maybe you should marry that cake.
don't you love it so much your father is.
a maniac he slaughtered the land what my.
heels love with me I wonder a for fetus.
for the win is going to do some sentence.
mixing today no wait a minute.
Oh.
secure time ball you're not just.
following your little learning a leader.
time _A_ labor you're learning a.
valuable lesson in motherfucking money.
management savor it now why would you.
pick that a thing when there's a strict.
one right in front of you.
that'll be five dollars why would you.
pick that overpriced things that'll be.
135 dollars houses dog hey man now why.
would you know what this one thirty five.
hundred and thirty five dollars asses.
yes what what are you trying to do _A_.
get us fucked I could pull out a really.
big bacon oh dang it _A_.
don't make cycle jokes that's good shake.
it.
shaking your ass cash.
why would you go waving your back around.
in public why would you go fucking your.
bitch isn't in public _A_ _A_ _A_.
Bob where did you pick up that.
Republican mug blah blah blah _A_.
we're dinner where did you see no cat.
cannot connect ha ha how much money do.
you make here.
_A_ only jackasses make money are you.
calling America's jackass it's just.
let's give our love what are you talking.
about _A_ _A_ only nickers to go.
around saying how much money they make.
Oh what are you talking about oh it's.
just vulgar _A_ yeah I'll tell you.
what less money know about kids the less.
likely they are to rat you out under the.
pressure of money then _A_'s probably.
bad now Peggy about how much your.
wedding ring cost so the thing about.
working here is we treat all our.
customers like chumps so the thing about.
working here is we treat all our.
customers like their peers even if.
they're not oh and even though the.
display food is plastic we still like.
you to wash your meat before Holmwood oh.
and.
Wow Wow well I'll let you hit the books.
there which wow that's it I'm kicking.
your ass yeah that's what I said yeah.
yup yeah yeah did it yeah yeah quitting.
smoking is the best thing I've ever been.
check this out MCA MCA hey hey _B_ I.
want a barred body part yep yep mm-hmm.
oh god no God please no no no no they're.
Scottish did somewhere that proves we're.
rich.
yep got my check today so how much was.
it for that's right you're gonna have.
dinner with the man who made $1,000.
today not quite as good as last year but.
people just aren't social enlike the.
dead last year.
not quite last year like the dead last.
year lap well last year well lad your.
lap quit last level or lab lab lab lab.
laughs you guys know maybe you guys were.
talking about money weren't know I love.
you girl.
_A_ what so you can blab to the whole.
neighborhood how let your mother's.
filthy mouth _A_ let me help.
what let me help sucking on pucker where.
did I go wrong.
Peggy he actually had the audacity to.
ask me how much I hate a year Wow IRA oh.
he actually had the audacity to ask me.
how audacity us ladybird snooping again.
oh oh hey sawsan none what 130 grand.
3700.
where did I go wrong Peggy how did I.
raise the Sun who are we talking to.
India who are we talking to in Dallas.
for 37 minutes ah I remember ah it was.
Bill filthy Oh.
now where were we we were just talking.
about the other other uh the Olive.
Garden rich ha ha I love that place they.
got a couple of waitresses I wouldn't.
kick out of bed for eating lasagna if.
you if you get what I'm saying that.
comment about the lasagna.
well here at Strickland we try not to.
say things that are not funny oh yeah.
oh I crossed the line I'm sorry I.
thought Donna worked.
now she was being polite that's why we.
keep her at the front desk I didn't.
think she was just being yeah it's a.
fish yeah.
quitting fishing is the best thing I've.
ever done check this out yes check this.
out.
hey _B_ no you want to beer what I want.
is a body part you got that in your.
cooler bill yep it's official I'm.
smoking weed every day.
well congratulation I know how hard it.
is to smoke check this out hey don't you.
want to hear thousand dollars thousand.
dollars don't you what I want just a.
comedy show you got that in your cooler.
bill comedy fine who the hell is that.
another handle sauce no yeah loser I I.
too suffer measure a small penis so the.
way I figure it my dad makes Richard and.
sixty-five million dollars a day that's.
$5,000 a year whoa but he's been doing.
it for twenty five thousand years that's.
seven dollars no way show us _A_ time.
to rep what what check out you want go.
race you.
a chief a flames canna Barney you spent.
half a deer last night saying jackass.
_A_ time to rap _A_ time to wrap.
dang it Peggy who threw out his main a.
char I use these historic extra screws.
hey bitch why don't you pull up a chair.
we were just talking about all up Oh.
I love lasagna ha ha ha rich could you.
give me a hand job out back sure where.
do you want me I think you might have.
learned a valuable lesson in money.
management that comment about the the.
lasagna so yeah well here at Strickland.
like we try not yet say things that are.
not funny and also disgusting yes I need.
an 8 inch penis that's what she said.
I hope the Fosters strip if I have to do.
it manually I'll be down there for hours.
uh.
Inanna here he Nani here he Nani here.
this is a place of soap this is a place.
of business and you've turned it into a.
sexual and I know for a fact that.
Enrique J oh hey we don't have much time.
what do you mean for uh you know uh.
male-on-male sex sex you and me I don't.
want to fuck you hey that's it I'm.
fucking your ass oh yeah squeeze in uh.
uh I'd be happy to talk to you in your.
mouth ha ha.
choking to death is real funny I'm sorry.
_B_.
Andrey cake.
hey Enrique I didn't know you were.
married to lasagna what happened the.
patron _B_ I don't know did you check.
the men's room what you doing in there.
didn't y'all ship do what this man tells.
you he is sexy well t_B_ you sir I.
appreciate you sir I appreciate soap.
yeah well t_B_ you sir I appreciate you.
getting behind me funny yeah you quit.
more that's what she said those toast.
toast toast.
it was really weird I showed up at mer.
in the HOH didn't even know she was a ho.
yeah people do love her oh and there was.
this woman they called her the Cheech.
Wall Street well I'm gonna change sweet.
Jesus look at that shit he's crazy I.
don't wanna lose my leg Oh God.
T_B_s for seeing me mr. green I'm Larry.
green of Burger green the injury lawyers.
uh I'll talk to you free i sell.
prophylactics and tacos how would I get.
you money.
but this guy rich has been making a lot.
of cash no uh jokes about lasagna can.
you get cash plus I can't say the word.
sauce without someone giggling pervert.
of penis behavior hot male on male adult.
sex whoa mr. Hill I believe we have a.
strong Herrera Herrera Herrera Oh sexual.
harassment is just an umbrella Oh.
propane emergency.
this is _B_ Hill Strickland propane.
I gotta make this quick but I love you.
this is _B_ Hill Strickland propane MS.
borginnis I'm gonna need to commandeer.
your phone had a business call _B_ huh.
not strictly no they're fired how did I.
get fired so cute I take this literature.
suite wasn't expecting that.
Ms borginnis I'll kill that literature.
did you guys hear.
_A_'s rich give us something bad.
gossip and it rhymes ma'am rumors about.
anger true Oh _B_ will you buy me a.
rack no Dale.
_B_ will you buy me a dildo ah no Dale.
I'll call it _B_.
how about a night club no Dale I'll call.
it X check my buddy.
whoa yeah whoa whoa you're not gonna.
take your dodj cock.
are you go go go go go go go.
forty-three 320 320 no problem.
41 II oh yeah.
43 honey I need about three-fitty I'm.
giving you no true food.
T_B_ You mr. Hill Oh Johnny.
me too I am having Oh baby me too.
here's must limit sample honey wither.
Josh hey.
_B_ America hey _B_.
as an established leader in the semen.
community I am in a unique position to.
capture this emerging market think you.
know where I'm going with this.
I'm asking for a handjob yay yay.
whether we're the Josh in the car never.
the corn.
yep yeah yep yeah yeah t_B_ you.
hey it's nonsense sale are you tanked.
yep I'll tell you what man laid him down.
wide world man like mine with a little.
shock jock named rappers - man like uh.
masseur man got a Miss matter panties in.
the bud man you're right I can't believe.
the filth they're putting on TV these.
days and they just beam it right into my.
home I hit the pay-per-view button and.
this right in front of me well that's.
life in the 21st century for you we just.
have to learn to accept it accept it.
bill oh don't be surprised if _A_.
comes around asking sometime that ass.
yay yay you bastard.
hey oh my god am I the only sane yard.
around here oh this is an open source.
code yet yet yet my god ooh you treat.
the boots a great I heard you had.
something to do with the internet.
usually does says Oh what you got there.
new Boomhauer you're Jesus back to the.
future.
I know what this man wants to show your.
children about molesting young boys.
hello.
yes mr. Hill you retard rich dang it.
dang it.
hello yes mr. Hill this is a courtesy.
call about your cock I've already got a.
cock whoa whoa what no that cards never.
been used thief thief.
Oh sis would you like me to have them.
hold the car where is that bastard you.
stole my car my boys stole my can't you.
just tell a little extra okay fucking a.
bitch okay I'm sorry you were both wrong.
ah has everybody lost their minds mom's.
okay dad I'll come.
you need my boner one lovely sleep.
ghrelin we're in trouble.
Oh son now one way or another I'm gonna.
get you thinking like a drunken.
roughneck like when I'm fuckin crazy.
now see that's exactly why your mother.
and I hate you.
oh and uh hey wait it.
fuck you have from out of room we need.
to talk.
oh now one way or another I'm gonna get.
you thinking right well I'm not the one.
think you crazy.
now see that's exactly why your mother.
and I have decided to make some changes.
with your allowance I used to think you.
were too young for this oh I didn't even.
see anything ah what the fuck that must.
be the ski so here here here here's your.
punishment I'm gonna skeet and your but.
I think we've all had enough of you.
that's what she said you had a whiny.
baby why anybody I'm drunk like a.
drunken roughneck on payday hey day just.
because you don't have any gum there's a.
sing-along at the bottom dang it I'm.
have a crush on you _A_ dang it.
look at her she's crushed hey huh no you.
want to be coca-cola what I want is.
apply mist of propane you got that.
you're cooler bill you're gonna check.
right yes see you maybe your dad is.
deeper cutted my dad's a cheap white.
witch around leap I'm crazy my dad spent.
half a dinner last night saying.
yes .