"Gotcha." Was wispered as the blue haired girl fired her last round into the bosses skull. Hearing the sound of glass shattering the girl looked through the menu in front of her《Hecate II .50 caliber Anti-material sniper rifle》 "Geez this thing puts my last rifle to shame. Easy." She said to herself as she examined her new legandary item. "Better head home. No need to waste any more time down here." she thought as she picked up her rifle and spent magazine's. About halfway back the dungeon enterance. "I guess I'll see if Argo wants to hang out." She said as she swiped open her menu and began to type out a simple message.

At first glance from the outside one would say this place was a dump, but inside this was one of the most luxurious places in the slums. Behind the white light topped bar the shelves were lined with every spirit or beverage one could think of lit up by neon behind it. Then the all Persian leather circular privacy booths on the back wall with a huge white light topped dance floor in the middle, and a stage for performances. Right now the dance floor was packed and the bar full most would not have noticed the small cloaked figure sitting in the last booth.

"What do you know about the..uh..the 32nd floor dungeon?" The man sitting across from me asked. A small but wicked smile appeared on the info broker's face. "7500 credits." I replied "t..th..that's a little much don't you think." "Not for the info I know you're looking for." If possible her grin would have gotten even bigger knowing she could squeeze every last credit out of her current client. After all the 32nd floor dungeon was mostly beaches but the info this guy was looking for was about the sierns. Succubus that would lead any player by themselves at the southern most peninsula at midnight into the ocean to slaughter. But it is rumored that these skantily clad 'woman' would first ravage a player. To lower their guard of course. "That's as low as I am going." I added before he could say anything else. "I..uh..only have 6000 credits." "Deal." I said as I opened a barter menu and typed in the info the boy asked for. Satisfied with her deal Argo collected her credits before walking toward the exit. Right before Argo touched the door a notification popped up in the bottom right corner of her vision indicating she had a message. "Let's see who else has decided to lose some credits today." I said as I swiped open my menu "Oh Sinononon." I whispered as I shook my head. The message read 《Hey Argo I'm done raiding that boss. want to come hang out at my house?》《Sure.》 I replied as I changed direction to head up to the belly of 《SBC glocken》

As I sat in the shower I began to think back to what made me want to beta test Gun Gale Online. "Let's see it was a normal day I woke up, went to school, but as I was went home endo and her friends showed up." Flashing back to that day. "I was getting food for tonight." "Asada. Asada Shino." I turned around from looking at tomatoes to see endo's minions "what do you two want?" "Oh we don't want anything it's endo who's looking for you." Said the tall girl "why." "Follow us and you can ask her yourself." Replied the pudgy minion. "Fine." I said as I payed for the goods I had picked up earlier. As I walked into the ally I saw endo playing with her phone holding my bag behind me I asked "What do you want." "Hey. We got kinda carried away at karaoke and we need some money to get home you mind if we borrow 50 bucks?" "Yes I mind I'm not giving you any more money. Now I'm going home." I said as I turned around. The skinny goon pushed me backward on to my ass "Hey there's no need to be mean about it. We are all friends here right?" Endo said as she picked me up "so come on let us borrow the money." "I said no." "I didn't want to do this Asada." Endo said as she curled her hand into a finger gun. "Oh no." I whispered as my knees began to tremble. Stepping backward into Endo's goons they pushed me forward again but I fell to my knees. "AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH" curling my knees into my chest I leaned against the wall my heartbeat quickened as I saw that dead man's face crawling toward me grabbing at my feet "why why must people always hurt me."... As my mind began to darken all I heard was a man voice "Officer they're over here in that alley!" Hearing his voice I came back from the dark void of my mind to see endo and her goons running away. "Wha...who...what happened?" "Are you ok?" A young man with black hair asked as he held out his hand to help me up. Smileing up at the boy I took his hand.

A loud bang brought me back to my current reality. Knowing nothing could get through my door I hummed as I dryed off and swiped open my menu. "What the fuck? Seven messages from Argo." 《Sure.》 《Hey I'm outside.》 《Heelloo?》 《Are you gonna answer the door?》 《Come on already.》 《Wtf open the door.》 《I'm going to kick your door in.》 As I got dressed I laughed thinking Argo would even try that. Opening the door I asked "So how'd that work for you?" Argo still sprawled out on the ground just huffed as she got up and walked in. "So what do you want to ask sinononon?" Argo asked as she layed down on the couch. "What can't we just hang out the beta is almost over let's take some time to enjoy the world be for we have to get off?" I asked "you know we only have to get off for a week then it will be the actual game right?" "Fine. Do you know anything about what the game will have for us beta testers?" "Oh Sinononon you did bring me over for business." Sinon just stuck her tongue out at the info broker who had a wicked smile on her face "OK but nothing over 7000 credits." The info broker's face cracked as the girl in front of her held her ground. Regaining her composure Argo said "OK 7000 credits ." "How bout 2500 credits." "Oh Sinononon getting a little carried away don't you think? 6500." "Not at all. 3000" "So 'babe' you want to just want to skip the banter and settle on 5000" a huge smurk appeared on Argo's face at seeing Sinons beet red face. "Don't call me that!" I screamed as I jumped toward Argo trying to land a punch but Argo just evaded me. "Ok Sinononon for us beta testers we will either be able to keep two items or all of our stats." Evading a close swing Argo jumped from the front of the kitchen to the door way "can't catch me ha ha." Argo teased, but as she looked up she was meet with the barrel of the one and only 《Hecate || .50 caliber Anti-material sniper rifle.》With aww in her eyes Argo couldn't help but jump with glee. "Sinononon when did you get this?" "2500 credits." "Ah you're learning the game now Sinononon. Okay." Opening a trade menu Argo collected the 2500 credits from sinon. Sinon set her rifle down on the counter Argo instantly shot to her side and began examining the rare legendary weapon in front of her. "So Sinononon when did you get that?" "This afternoon anything else will cost you." "Oh come on sinon you have juicy info and you're Goin to charge a friend like me for it?" "No I'm charging the info broker in my house. While we are doing business you are just an info broker." "I'm hurt sinon." Argo said as she copied the info of Sinons rifle "but because I can just look at the gun and it will tell me everything I'm happy as every that you killed the secret mini boss on floor 56." "How did you know that?" I asked "Skills love. Skills." "Whatever."

"ok Argo I'll see you in a week when the game comes out." "Oh Sinononon. Make sure you hold onto that rifle for me I want to see it in action." "I was going to keep it anyway." Sticking my tongue out at the info broker as she left my apartment I couldn't help but have a bad feeling about the next few weeks. Swiping open my menu I took one last look at this... my reality before I clicked the sign out button. A bright flash was seen before I looked up to see the roof of my home holding up one hand I made a finger gun flinching only a little bit at its sight I drooped my hand onto my forehead. Taking off my nervegear I curled into a ball before crying slightly. "I need to find strength." I said before my tears began to block my view as I cried myself to sleep.

Yawning I roll over onto my side to get up and sit on my bed "Onii-chan are you up now?" "No why?" Laughing at my own antics I got up and dressed myself for the day. Walking down stairs I see Sugu making breakfast "What's for breakfast chef?" "Oh just the usual bacon, eggs, and toast." "Sounds delicious." I said as I walked past her and poked her in the back of the head Sugu squeaked as I did so "Hey don't mess with me I'll burn your food." Satisfied with her reaction I sat down yawning one again as I waited on my food. As I searched my pockets for my phone I realized that I had left it upstairs. Looking up I watched Sugu bring the food to the dinner table "I'll be right back." I said as I tryed to stand up. Sugu forced me back into my seat "Not till you eat your food onii-chan." Holding my hands up in a mock defeat I ate my food then retreated back to my room to see my phone lit up "Hmm maybe Shino already got up." I thought as I picked up my phone. Looking at the time I said "Damn it's later than I thought it was." It was noon and Shino had texted me twice 《Hey Kazuto the beta for GGO is over you want to go to the mall or something?》 9:30 《Hello?》 11:59 I texted her back 《Sorry I was asleep I had a long night last night.》 Walking back downstairs Sugu looked at me her head upside-down over the back of the chair "So onii-chan are you and Shino going out later?" "What's it matter to you?" I asked as I jumped over the back of the couch intent on landing on the cushions I missed instead landing on the ground with a loud thud. "You ok onii-chan?" Sugu asked as she appeared over the back of the couch. Rubbing the back of my head I crawled onto the couch "I..I'm fine" I replied as I turned on the TV. My phone vibrated. 《What were you doing all night?》《Oh i was picking up supply's for a project at school.》《Any fun?》《Oh yea loads.》I replied sarcastically 《Did you want to hang out today?》I asked 《Lol yea what do you want to do?》《IDK its up to you love.》《Don't call me pet names asshat》《:P》《We could go to the mall.》《Crowded.》I replied pleadingly 《You could just come over and we could watch a movie.》《Sounds fun :)》 as we finished our conversation I walked towards the door stopping to put my shoes on Sugu came up and hugged me from behind "Be safe Kazuto." "I will Sugu." heading out the door i hoped on my bike and began the trek towards Shino's home.